Added Common GPU Workflows in Docs (#1980)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/gpu.md

1. Iterating over the batches in a [DataLoader](@ref) object transfering each one of the training batches at a time to the GPU. 
   ```julia
   train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain, ytrain), batchsize = 64, shuffle = true)
   # ... model, optimizer and loss definitions
   for epoch in 1:nepochs
       for (xtrain_batch, ytrain_batch) in train_loader
           x, y = gpu(xtrain_batch), gpu(ytrain_batch)
           gradients = gradient(() -> loss(x, y), parameters)
           Flux.Optimise.update!(optimizer, parameters, gradients)
       end
   end
   ```

1. Transferring all training data to the GPU at once before creating the [DataLoader](@ref) object. This is usually performed for smaller datasets which are sure to fit in the available GPU memory. Some possitilities are:
   ```julia
   gpu_x = gpu(xtrain)
   gpu_y = gpu(ytrain)

   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((gpu_x, gpu_y), batchsize = 32)
   ```
   ```julia
   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain |> gpu, ytrain |> gpu), batchsize = 32)
   ```
   ```julia

>    gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader(gpu.(collect.((xtrain, ytrain))), batchsize = 32)

Reviewer: This incantation is a little overkill, but what does work is:
```suggestion
   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader(gpu((xtrain, ytrain)), batchsize = 32)
```
Or:
```suggestion
   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain, ytrain) |> gpu, batchsize = 32)
```
`cpu` and `gpu` are smart enough to recurse through tuples and namedtuples.

   ```

> 

Reviewer: Could you add a mention for https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/memory/#Batching-iterator here? I can provide a short snippet if needed.

Reviewer: Added something as a suggestion below, see how that reads to you.

Reviewer 2: Another option is `DataLoader(mapobs(gpu, data), ...)` which will push the data movement invocation into the background thread, though I don't know how that interplays with the actual execution on the GPU.

### Saving GPU-Trained Models

After the training process is done one must always transfer the trained model back to the `cpu` memory scope before saving it to secundary memory. This can be done, as described in the previous section, with:
```julia
model = cpu(model) # or model = model |> cpu
```
and then
```julia
using BSON
# ...
BSON.@save "./path/to/trained_model.bson" model

# in this approach the cpu-transferred model (referenced by the variable `model`)
# only exists inside the `let` statement

> let model = cpu(model)
>    BSON.@save "./path/to/trained_model.bson" model
> end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BSON.@save "./path/to/trained_model.bson" model=cpu(model)
```
Is equivalent and saves on the `let`. It also really ought to be properly documented in BSON.jl. I've created https://github.com/JuliaIO/BSON.jl/issues/111 to track this.

 0.7766742
```

## Common GPU Workflows

Some of the common workflows involving the use of GPUs are presented below.

### Transferring Training Data

> In order to train the model using the GPU both model and the training data have be transferred to GPU memory. This process can be done with the `gpu` function in two different  ways:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to train the model using the GPU both model and the training data have to be transferred to GPU memory. This process can be done with the `gpu` function in two different  ways:
```

1. Iterating over the batches in a [DataLoader](@ref) object transfering each one of the training batches at a time to the GPU. 
   ```julia
   train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain, ytrain), batchsize = 64, shuffle = true)
   # ... model, optimizer and loss definitions
   for epoch in 1:nepochs
       for (xtrain_batch, ytrain_batch) in train_loader
           x, y = gpu(xtrain_batch), gpu(ytrain_batch)
           gradients = gradient(() -> loss(x, y), parameters)
           Flux.Optimise.update!(optimizer, parameters, gradients)
       end
   end

>    ```

Author: I just wanted to make sure they would be in the same indentation level as the text in the sub items after rendering. But this is not mandatory at all.

> 1. Transferring all training data to the GPU at once before creating the [DataLoader](@ref) object. This is usually performed for smaller datasets which are sure to fit in the available GPU memory. Some possitilities are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Transferring all training data to the GPU at once before creating the [DataLoader](@ref) object. This is usually performed for smaller datasets which are sure to fit in the available GPU memory. Some possitilities are:
```

   ```julia
   gpu_x = gpu(xtrain)
   gpu_y = gpu(ytrain)

   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((gpu_x, gpu_y), batchsize = 32)
   ```
   ```julia

>    gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain |> gpu, ytrain |> gpu), batchsize = 32)

Reviewer 3: This can be removed as really the same as the one above

Author: Fair enough! I will then add @darsnack suggestion on `mapsobs`.

   ```
   ```julia
   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain, ytrain) |> gpu, batchsize = 32)
   ```
   Note that both `gpu` and `cpu` are smart enough to recurse through tuples and namedtuples.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

3. Wrapping the `DataLoader` in [`CUDA.CuIterator`](https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/memory/#Batching-iterator) to efficiently move data to GPU on demand:
```julia
using CUDA: CuIterator
train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain, ytrain), batchsize = 64, shuffle = true)
# ... model, optimizer and loss definitions
for epoch in 1:nepochs
    for (xtrain_batch, ytrain_batch) in CuIterator(train_loader)
        ...
    end
end
```
Note that this works with a limited number of data types. If `iterate(train_loader)` returns anything other than arrays, approach 1 or 2 is preferred.
```

Author: Thank you! I'll also include your comment on the preferred approach.

   ```
   ```julia
   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain, ytrain) |> gpu, batchsize = 32)
   ```
   Note that both `gpu` and `cpu` are smart enough to recurse through tuples and namedtuples. Other possibility is to use [`MLUtils.mapsobs`](https://juliaml.github.io/MLUtils.jl/dev/api/#MLUtils.mapobs) to push the data movement invocation into the background thread:
   ```julia
   using MLUtils: mapobs
   # ...
   gpu_train_loader = Flux.DataLoader(mapobs(gpu, (xtrain, ytrain)), batchsize = 16)
   ```

3. Wrapping the `DataLoader` in [`CUDA.CuIterator`](https://cuda.juliagpu.org/stable/usage/memory/#Batching-iterator) to efficiently move data to GPU on demand:
   ```julia
   using CUDA: CuIterator
   train_loader = Flux.DataLoader((xtrain, ytrain), batchsize = 64, shuffle = true)
   # ... model, optimizer and loss definitions
   for epoch in 1:nepochs
       for (xtrain_batch, ytrain_batch) in CuIterator(train_loader)
          # ...
       end
   end
   ```

   Note that this works with a limited number of data types. If `iterate(train_loader)` returns anything other than arrays, approach 1 or 2 is preferred.

### Saving GPU-Trained Models

> After the training process is done one must always transfer the trained model back to the `cpu` memory scope before saving it to secundary memory. This can be done, as described in the previous section, with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the training process is done, one must always transfer the trained model back to the `cpu` memory scope before serializing or saving to disk. This can be done, as described in the previous section, with:
```
"secondary memory" is a tad too obscure
